Pavouk – Internet Data Processor & Web Crawler
Hi, we’re Pavouk.
We can teach old spiders new tricks.
Interested in what we’re doing?
Sign up to Pavouk Community
to receive news emails about how we’re changing SEO and web crawling.
Isoxya Pickax Link Checker 1.0 release
19 Jul 2019
N. Williams
We’re pleased to announce open-source Isoxya Pickax Link Checker 1.0—one of many possible plugins for the flexible Isoxya internet data processor and web crawler. This helps with link checking, useful in SEO for validating large lists of URLs. The very first release, this marks a new phase within the history of Isoxya, as we’ve decided […]
Open-Source Postgres-XL Docker, NGINX Test Upstream, Isoxya API Demo (Shell) updates
21 Jun 2019
N. Williams
We’re pleased to announce lots of updates to three open-source projects we maintain: Postgres-XL Docker, NGINX Test Upstream, and Isoxya API Demo (Shell). So much of the time in tech, we’re standing on the shoulders of giants, and it’s good to give something back. We make grateful use of lots of open-source components in Isoxya, […]
Isoxya 1.2 release
17 Jun 2019
N. Williams
We’re pleased to announce the release of Isoxya 1.2—the high-performance internet data processor and web crawler. This release introduces partial snapshots limited by maximum pages or maximum depth, user agent whitelists, a more efficient approach to multi-snapshot settings, and numerous optimisations and fixes.
Tigrosa 1.1 release
2 Jun 2019
N. Williams
We’re pleased to announce the release of Tigrosa 1.1—the secure authentication and authorisation proxy. This version introduces a flexible roles permissions system, introducing the concepts of a user realm (such as admin) and a role for a specific organisation (usually member, but now can also be an organisation admin). Tigrosa is like a guard-spider, protecting […]
Isoxya API Demo (Bash)
16 May 2019
N. Williams
We’re pleased to announce the publication of the Isoxya API Demo (Bash) code to GitHub, available under the BSD3 licence. We realise it’s not always easy to get started with a new system, and the more help you can get, the better—especially if you’re allowed to share and modify it as desired! We think that […]
Isoxya 1.1 release
10 May 2019
N. Williams
We’re pleased to announce the release of Isoxya 1.1—the high performance internet data processor and web crawler. It’s the first minor-version release since Isoxya 1.0 (over 5 months ago), and represents a major milestone in the maturity and functionality of the software, bringing even higher performance, and simplified interfaces for connection with other programs. Increased […]
Tigrosa 1.0 private release
12 Feb 2019
N. Williams
We’re pleased to announce the private release of Tigrosa 1.0—the very first stable version! Tigrosa is a dedicated authentication and authorisation program, which acts as a secure proxy for a backend API, vastly simplifying the programming logic necessary for securing an application. This not only increases security, but also decreases development time for new products! […]
How To: Get Started with the Pavouk Community
28 Nov 2018
A. Burazor
So you’ve read our post launching the Pavouk Community, you’re positively crawling with excitement and just want to get connected with other like-minded future thinkers! Here’s how you can do that: Create an account Start by navigating over to our Community page and hitting the “Sign Up” button, in the top-right corner. Populate your details […]
Connect with fellow big thinkers in the Pavouk Community!
25 Nov 2018
A. Burazor
Pavouk is embarking on a journey to change the the very landscape of data processing and web crawling, and create powerful new ways to intelligently process and derive valuable insights from data. And we want you to join us as we launch the Pavouk Community! We envision the Pavouk Community to be no ordinary forum. […]
Isoxya 1.0 official release
23 Nov 2018
N. Williams
What is Isoxya? That is a very good question, and one which I have pondered much during the time since I made the first commit to the first code repository. Blank files, containing absolutely nothing, stretching out before me like snow on mountains. Empty. Inspiring. And intimidating. Now, a little over two years later, I […]
Copyright © 2017–2019 Pavouk OÜ
